Company:Ubisoft

number of employees: 
18,045 (Year:2020)

CEO: 
YVES GUILLEMOT

CFO: 
Frédérick Duguet

President: 
Michel Guillemot

headquarter locations:
France:Montreuil, France


current job postingsz:
(https://www.ubisoft.com/en-US/careers/search.aspx?jobFamily=game%20&%20leveldesign#sr-post-id=743999733236890&is-redirect=true)

Accessibility Project Manager (Game & Level Design)
Montreal, Canada - Full-time - REF17615T


JOB DESCRIPTION
What you'll do
As an Accessibility Project Manager at Ubi MTL, you will help welcome everyone into our worlds – regardless of physical, motor, cognitive, learning, vision, hearing, or any other disability.   

 
Committed to inclusivity, you will guide us in creating websites with the entire spectrum of our target audiences in mind.  You will act as an accessibility ambassador, advising production teams across the company on solutions that make our websites usable by all, helping to embed accessibility into the project lifecycle and facilitate long term change. Because when barriers exist, you will see to it that they’re broken down – especially if you’ve faced them yourself.  

 
Partner with production teams throughout our studios to improve accessibility across our websites and ensure accessibility is embedded into our processes and testing protocols.  
Communicate with internal advocates (like UX directors and designers) to ensure that accessibility is considered from the get-go and remains a priority throughout production.   
Define, document and maintain internal policies and guidelines for accessibility to ensure compliance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Level AA, Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act, and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).  
Evaluate and perform audits, reporting on findings, and developing solutions that align with company policies and standards.  
Collaborate with and mentor project teams to help them understand how WCAG and accessibility activities fit within the project life cycle so products can be compliant and testing time be reduced.  
Facilitate usability testing, providing our labs with accessibility guidelines for recruitment, moderation, analysis, and reporting.   
Collaborate with disabled people from Ubisoft’s target audiences, involving them throughout the website development process to gather feedback and refine accessibility features.  
Coordinate knowledge sharing by promoting best practices, developing internal training, speaking at conferences, publishing articles, etc.  
Foster relationships with the accessibility community, industry experts and standards bodies to keep the conversation going.
QUALIFICATIONS
What you bring to the team

 

Extensive knowledge in accessibility, user research, UX design, or related experience.  
In depth knowledge of digital accessibility and inclusion.  
In depth knowledge of digital accessibility regulations (e.g. AODA, Section 508, and the American’s with Disabilities Act (ADA)).  
In depth knowledge of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 Level A and AA, and familiarity with Level AAA.  
An advocacy-oriented mindset: you’re respectful and conscious of all types of disabilities, always.  
An understanding of website production processes + web accessibility best practices and available resources in the industry.     
Understanding of desktop and mobile assistive technologies (e.g. JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, TalkBack, Dragon Naturally Speaking, ZoomText).  
Attention to detail, particularly when it comes to design: you understand that a seemingly simple choice can make or break an experience.   
Excellent organizational, presentation, interpersonal, and communication skills.   
Bilingual (French and English) 
 

What to send our way

 

Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Skills and competencies show up in different forms and can be based on different experiences, that's why we strongly encourage you to apply even though you may not have all the requirements listed above.

 

At Ubisoft, you can come as you are. We embrace diversity in all its forms. We’re committed to fostering a work environment that is inclusive and respectful of all differences.




